Pv/one index per collection (#97)
stac-utils/stac-fastapi-elasticsearch: CHANGELOG.md

- Default to Python 3.10
- Default to Elasticsearch 8.x

> - Collection objects are not stored in `collections` rather than `stac_collections`

Reviewer: This is confusing, can you make this an affirmative statement (e.g. collection objects *are* stored in ... instead of ...).

Reviewer 2: Collection objects are now stored ...

Reviewer 2: now vs. not - spelling error?

Author: spelling error, corrected.

> - Collection objects are not stored in `collections` rather than `stac_collections`

Author: ```suggestion
- Collection objects are now stored in `collections` index rather than `stac_collections` index
```
